README.rst, before:

=============================================
python-k8sclient - Kubernetes API client code
=============================================

Overview
--------

This is Kubernetes API python client code. This code is generated by
swagger-codegen. Kubernetes provide swagger-spec to generate client code for
different versions. The specs live in Kubernetes repo.

* Free software: Apache license
* Documentation: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/python-k8sclient
* Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/python-k8sclient
* Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/python-k8sclient

See also
--------

* swagger-codegen: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen
* Kubernetes swagger-spec: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes/tree/master/api/swagger-spec

Prerequisites
-------------

You need to install required packages for swagger codegen. Please refer to
`<https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen#prerequisites>`_

Steps to generate API client code
---------------------------------

Steps to generate Kubernetes client code for v1:

* Clone the python-k8sclient repo::

    git clone https://github.com/openstack/python-k8sclient.git

* Clone the swagger-codegen repo. It is recommended to checkout a release
 (e.g. v2.1.3) instead of using the master branch::

    git clone https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git
    cd swagger-codegen/
    git checkout tags/v2.1.3

* Build swagger-codegen::

    mvn package

* Update the v1.json from latest Kubernetes release::
  curl -o ./k8sclient/templates/v1.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/v1.2.2/api/swagger-spec/v1.json

* Run below command to generate the API client code for Kubernetes::

    cd ..
    java -jar ./swagger-codegen/modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar \
        generate \
        -i ./k8sclient/templates/v1.json \
        -l python -o ./KubernetesClientCode

Now you can check the code at location ./KubernetesClientCode.

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/cb9b3d4db66bfdb1afe990838e932902

Change-Id: I0f9526dc275c8a6c476a16e2488b221a3a4667a8

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-python-k8sclient.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

=============================================
python-k8sclient - Kubernetes API client code
=============================================

Overview
--------

This is Kubernetes API python client code. This code is generated by
swagger-codegen. Kubernetes provide swagger-spec to generate client code for
different versions. The specs live in Kubernetes repo.

* Free software: Apache license
* Documentation: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/python-k8sclient
* Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/python-k8sclient
* Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/python-k8sclient

See also
--------

* swagger-codegen: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen
* Kubernetes swagger-spec: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes/tree/master/api/swagger-spec

Prerequisites
-------------

You need to install required packages for swagger codegen. Please refer to
`<https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen#prerequisites>`_

Steps to generate API client code
---------------------------------

Steps to generate Kubernetes client code for v1:

* Clone the python-k8sclient repo::

    git clone https://github.com/openstack/python-k8sclient.git

* Clone the swagger-codegen repo. It is recommended to checkout a release
 (e.g. v2.1.3) instead of using the master branch::

    git clone https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git
    cd swagger-codegen/
    git checkout tags/v2.1.3

* Build swagger-codegen::

    mvn package

* Update the v1.json from latest Kubernetes release::
  curl -o ./k8sclient/templates/v1.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/v1.2.2/api/swagger-spec/v1.json

* Run below command to generate the API client code for Kubernetes::

    cd ..
    java -jar ./swagger-codegen/modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar \
        generate \
        -i ./k8sclient/templates/v1.json \
        -l python -o ./KubernetesClientCode

Now you can check the code at location ./KubernetesClientCode.
